PATCHING FROM 1.0 to 1.1

Simply unzip the new release into your installation directory. Next, run the 
patch1011.php file from your web browser (it is included in the 1.1 release in 
the root directory of your install). After checking to make sure the patch has 
not already been run, it will update your global settings in your database to 
include the new variables and make alterations to your tables to enable the new
Bayesian filtering system. It will also attempt to gather as much keyword data
as it can to attempt to start the Bayesian training. Note that none of your 
articles will be lost, however all keyword training from the old system will be
erased and LeafRSS will have to be trained again.

PATCHING FROM 0.9.5 to 1.0

As of version 1.0, we have the installer create the config.php file from
scratch on install, so it is unnecessary to back up your config.php file. Simply
unzip the new release into your installation directory. Next, run the 
patch09510.php file from your web browser (it is included in the 1.0 release in 
the root directory of your install). After checking to make sure the patch has 
not already been run, it will update your config.php and the global settings in 
your database to include the new variables.

PATCHING FROM 0.9 to 0.9.5

First, make a backup copy of your config.inc file, as there have been changes to
the config file in this release. Then, simply unzip the new release into 
your installation directory. Next, update the config.php included in this
release to contain the information from your original configuration file. NOTE
THAT THE CONFIGURATION FILENAME HAS CHANGED. This was for security reasons. It
is highly recommended that you delete the config.inc file from your server after
this patch is installed. Next, run the patch09095.php file from
your web browser (it is included in the 0.9.5 release in the root directory of 
your install). After checking to make sure the patch has not already been run,
it will update the global settings in your database to include the new 
variables.

PATCHING FROM 0.8 to 0.9

First, make a backup copy of your confic.inc file, as there have been changes to
the config.inc file in this release. Then, simply unzip the new release into 
your installation directory. Next, update the config.inc included in this
release to contain the information from your original configuration file. Please
make sure to set the smarty directories. Next, run the patch0809.php file from
your web browser (it is included in the 0.9 release in the root directory of 
your install). After checking to make sure the patch has not already been run,
it will update the global settings in your database to include the new 
variables.

PATCHING FROM 0.7 to 0.8

Simply unzip the new release into your installation directory, excluding the 
config.inc file. Next, run the patch0708.php file from your web browser (it
is included in the 0.8 release in the root directory of your install). After
checking to make sure the patch has not already been run, it will update the
global settings in your database to include the new variables, and make some
alterations to the table structure of the feeddata and rss feeds table.

PATCHING FROM 0.6 to 0.7

Simply unzip the new release into your installation directory, excluding the 
config.inc file. Next, run the patch0607.php file from your web browser (it
is included in the 0.7 release in the root directory of your install). After
checking to make sure the patch has not already been run, it will update the
global settings in your database to include the new variables, and make some
alterations to the table structure of the feeddata table.

This patch will set the default authentication method to session-based
authentication. This can be changed via the global settings editor to either
session-based (via $_SESSION) or browser-based (via WWW-Authenticate). The
session-based has been chosen as default as there have been issues with browser-
based authentication on some server configurations.

PATCHING FROM 0.5 to 0.6

Simply unzip the new release into your installation directory, excluding the 
config.inc file. Next, run the patch0506.php file from your web browser (it
is included in the 0.6 release in the root directory of your install). After
checking to make sure the patch has not already been run, it will update the
global settings in your database to include the new variables, and alter the
table structure of the feeddata table.

This will set your maximum displayed articles to ten. If you wish to change the
amount of articles displayed, you can change the number in the global settings
editor.